c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\CRUDWesley.dll.config
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\CRUDWesley.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\CRUDWesley.pdb
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\obj\Debug\CRUDWesley.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\obj\Debug\CRUDWesley.dll
c:\users\escolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDWesley\CRUDWesley\obj\Debug\CRUDWesley.pdb
